Transcript (manually generated)
chapter-2
Yes, Mr Moore
chapter-3
My Lords, I appear on behalf of uh, the appellant
chapter-4
I'll refer to simply as 'A'
chapter-5
Along with Mr Vasal Adams
chapter-6
My learned friends: Mr Jonathan Crow...
chapter-7
Mr Jason Copel
chapter-8
appear for the respondent
chapter-9
and my learned friends: Lord Panic and Mr Higgin
chapter-10
uh, appear on behalf of justice
chapter-11
as an intervener in this appeal.
chapter-12
Lords, this is an appeal against a decision of the court of appeal
chapter-13
of the 18th of February of this year,
chapter-14
that the Administrative Court has no jurisdiction
chapter-15
to hear proceedings brought by 'A' against the respondent
chapter-16
pursuant to Section 7-1A of the Human Rights Act.
chapter-17
A is a former member of the security service
chapter-18
and R is the director of establishments of security service.
chapter-19
A has brought judicial review proceedings challenging
chapter-20
R's respondent's refusal to authorise publication of a book
chapter-21
he's written about his time in the service
chapter-22
which he strongly believes should be published in the public interest.
chapter-23
Without the authority from the respondents
chapter-24
A's obligation of confidentiality bites, and he cannot publish.
chapter-25
Lords, the jurisdiction issue arises because...
chapter-26
in addition to challenging on traditional public law grounds
chapter-27
of irrationality and bias
chapter-28
A raised the claim that, the respondent's refusal of permission
chapter-29
was unlawful in the sense identified in Section 6.1
chapter-30
of the Human Rights Act 1998
chapter-31
i.e. that the respondent as a public authority in refusing authority
chapter-32
to publish, had acted in a way incompatible
chapter-33
with A's conventional right to freedom of expression
chapter-34
under Article 10 of the European Convention.